README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

chore: Update README with information about Springdale Public School website

README.md, after:

# Springdale Public School Website

Welcome to the official website of Springdale Public School. This website provides comprehensive information about our school through multiple pages, including:

- **About**: Learn more about the history, mission, and vision of Springdale Public School.
- **Academics**: Explore our academic programs, curriculum, and educational philosophy.
- **Contact**: Get in touch with us for any inquiries or support.
- **Faculty**: Meet our dedicated team of educators and staff.
- **Students**: Discover student life, extracurricular activities, and achievements.
- **Gallery**: View photos and videos showcasing our school events and facilities.
- **Admissions**: Find out how to apply and join our school community.

## Live Demo

You can visit the live website at [Springdale Public School](https://springdale-school-public.netlify.app).

## Getting Started

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/karan8404/school-website
2. **Navigate to the project directory:**:
   ```sh
   cd school-website
3. **Install the dependencies:**:
   ```sh
   npm i
4. **Run the development server:**:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
5. **Open your browser and visit:**:
   ```sh
   localhost://5173
